hi this is Chris Collinsworth and you're
watching junior sports brief because
we're loaded and ready to go so look
folks this junior you're checking out
the sport brief make sure you hit me up
on Twitter go find me on Facebook and
Instagram I'm gonna be down in Houston
for the NBA all-star game in a few days
in this beautiful scenery behind me it's
all as a result of storm Nemo or
Blizzard Nemo but a few days before that
I was down in New Orleans for Super Bowl
xlvii and one of the cooler things that
I checked out was how a football is made
and a huge shoutouts to Wilson
they actually hooked me up a little bit
i'ma show you guys in a little while but
every NFL football has been made by
Wilson since 1941 right out of Ohio and
everything kinda starts right there with
my main man mark yeah that is the
beginning of a football those are two
halves they're gonna get turned inside
out they're gonna go into that steam box
for approximately 30 seconds 212 degrees
Fahrenheit
yeah that's not something that you
necessarily want to cook your dinner in
but once he pulls it out for those 30
seconds he basically puts it on that
turnin bar where he begins to mold it
where he begins to shape it it's almost
like the creation of a child uh maybe a
child for Ben Roethlisberger or the
football gods and then he starts ironing
out the seams and it's nothing that I'm
necessarily gonna try because quite
frankly I'd probably make an awful
football but once we're done with the
molding and the football gets turned
inside out and all that good stuff it's
time for the football to get laced up I
didn't necessarily know that a football
had a bladder but it is a bladder and
the the fortunate part is it's not
filled with any type of excrement or
human waste this football bladder is
full of air and it's gonna help somebody
like Tom Brady or Peyton Manning
basically rocket it down the football
field and the cool thing is after you
put the bladder in the football you can
begin to lace it up and unfortunately
I've never had success with lace and I'm
even still today I'm walking around with
Velcro shoes that's a senior citizens
dream right there so once that all got
done and I was hooked up I mean I tried
but I fail miserably
then it was
time to actually mold the football a
little bit more that machine right there
is 100 pounds of pressure now this is
something that I could do kind of easy
all I had to do was press a button and
it's kind of like presto magic there
yeah that's the the easiest and simplest
thing I could do the football goes in
there for one minute and then it's like
a game of pop goes the weasel' or
actually waiting for Santa Claus to
deliver presents to your house but after
that happened we fixed the laces a
little bit I mean that was a football I
made so the football was kind of
terrible and the cool thing is I got my
own junior sport brief football
Wow Wow
well yeah that's that's kind of fresh
that's what you all saw in that image
right there so huge shoutouts to Wilson
and another cool thing is you know what
people always talking about hey I got a
game use ball I got a game use that
every NFL team gets 780 footballs to
begin the season and each football is
marked with their own insignia if you
get a 49ers ball it's gonna say 49ers if
you get a New York Jets football is
gonna say New York Jets although I don't
know why anybody would get a New York
Jets ball because quite frankly the New
York Jets are losers so that's the kind
of a cool way to figure out whether or
not you got a real ball if Tony Romo
gave you a real one or whether he was
just trying to be a jerk to you so a big
shout outs to Wilson it's always cool to
learn something but I got a football I
mean nobody is gonna tell me anything
ever I think the next time I see OC and
DeMarcus Ware I just may run them over I
can't be told anything right now this is
Junior make sure you hit me up on
Twitter go find me on facebook and check
out Wilson right there if you want your
own football I think I'm gonna go
playing the elements I'm gonna go play
in the snow I catch you folks later
peace